update azure iot example (#127)
Huddly/sdk: examples/azure_iot/README.md

# A demo application for people count with Huddly IQ, Microsoft Azure and Power BI

Huddly brings to market an AI powered collaboration camera that not only gives great collaboration experiences but also powerful analytics capabilities.

The onboard AI engine on Huddly IQ detects people on everything the lens can see, giving it the abilities to automatically frame people in the main video presented to the collaboration client, and also report the number of people seen in the room and relative locations to the lens. 

The demo shown in this repository shows you how these analytics data can be collected to give an overview of the number of people in meeting rooms throughout the day. These data provides insights into how many seats are used in each meeting room and average number of participants in meeting rooms.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3704622/58803982-03ede880-8611-11e9-80a1-89a2729abacd.png)

### Technical overview

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3704622/58804343-eec58980-8611-11e9-83cc-8d821de719eb.png)

# Getting up and running with the SDK

> Before we dive in to Azure and the analytics dashboard, we will start by getting up and running with the Huddly SDK. The Huddly SDK is a toolkit for NodeJS based applications to easily get started. The SDK itself is open source its code can be found on Github <Link>.

Author: :+1:

> Now lets get NodeJS and the Huddly SDK. The Huddly SDK uses a native NodeJS module to interact with the USB interface of the camera. This native module is currently compiled for NodeJS version 10. Since NodeJS is a rapidly changing environment and new versions coming out quite often, I prefer using a version manager to be able to toggle between multiple version. There are several of these, but currently I’m sticking to `nvm`. 

Author: Right, fixing

```

Initialize a new npm project and generate a `package.json` file
```
npm init
```
The result will look something like this
```
{
  "name": "huddly-azure-connector",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "description": "An azure cloud connector for Huddly IQ devices",
  "main": "index.js",
  "scripts": {
    "test": "npm test"
  },
  "author": "Oystein Grimstad",
  "license": "MIT"
}
```

In this example I used index.js as the main entry for the project. 

Now lets install the Huddly SDK and the Huddly Device API for USB through npm.

```
npm install --save @huddly/sdk @huddly/device-api-usb
```

This will download the Huddly SDK and Huddly Device API for USB and add it to the dependencies section of your package.json

### Hello Huddly IQ
```
const HuddlySdk = require('@huddly/sdk').default;
const DeviceApiUsb = require('@huddly/device-api-usb').default;

const huddlySdk = new HuddlySdk(new DeviceApiUsb());

huddlySdk.on('ATTACH', async (deviceManager) => {
    const info = await deviceManager.getInfo();
    console.log('Woho, we have a device. ' +
        `Serial Number ${info.serialNumber} ` +
        `Software Version: ${info.version}`);
    process.exit(0);
});

huddlySdk.init();
```

> Now that we have communication with the device up and running, lets start retrieving some more intelligent data from the camera. The camera has an onboard neural compute engine and is programmed to performed convolutional operations on full-image frames. The current neural network on Huddly IQ is optimized for detecting people and heads. 

Reviewer: `[](url)`
```suggestion
Now that we have communication with the device up and running, let's start retrieving some more intelligent data from the camera. The camera has an onboard neural compute engine and is programmed to perform convolutional operations on full-image frames. The current neural network on Huddly IQ is optimized for detecting people and heads. 
```

Author: thx

We will connect to the Provisioning Service using the ID Scope of the provisioning service and the symmetric key found in the azure portal (see above). From that key, we will derive a unique key for each device. The Provisioning Service will register the device and also assign the device to the appropriate IoT Hub based on allocation rule specified. Since we are only using one IoT Hub in this example, the allocation rule is less important.

Once the Provisioning Service completes, it will return connection parameters to the assigned IoT Hub to our application. We will use these parameters to communicate with the IoT Hub.

Our cloud connector component is defined in `lib/azureConnector.js`

It requires two environment variables to be set in order to communicate with Azure, `PROVISIONING_ID_SCOPE` and `PROVISIONING_SYMMETRIC_KEY`.

And here’s screenshots of what it looks like a after successful provisioning.

### Provisioning Service
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3704622/58804717-d013c280-8612-11e9-9c05-05ec4e7e0835.png)

### IoT Hub

> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3704622/58804753-e883dd00-8612-11e9-8dbd-91b622909fd0.png)

Reviewer 2: Also missing ```  await eventHandler.init();``` when starting the service.

> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3704622/58804753-e883dd00-8612-11e9-8dbd-91b622909fd0.png)

Author: Thanks
